DOCS-9716 GovCloud (#186)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/govcloud-data-control.adoc

> = GovCloud Data Control

Reviewer: rename

Author: Fixed.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> MuleSoft Government Cloud (GovCloud) organizations can restrict the data entities exposed to their Salesforce Community Cloud ACM instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your MuleSoft Government Cloud organization can restrict the data entities exposed to its Salesforce Community Cloud API Community Manager instance.
```

Reviewer: Never abbr. Anypoint API Community Manager to ACM.
GLOBALLY search for and correct.

Author: Fixed.

> Restrictions are defined on the Anypoint organization management plane and applied at the data bridge level.

Reviewer: GLOBAL: never use "Anypoint" alone. Search for and fix.

Author: Fixed.

> Before defining the entities and restrictions, get an authorization token from the Anypoint identity services API endpoint `/accounts/login` by sending the username and password of a user with the `Organization Administrator` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before defining the entities and restrictions, get an authorization token from the Anypoint identity services API endpoint `/accounts/login` by sending the username and password of a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
```

Reviewer: From this point onward, I will restrict comments per your request for a CE-level review.
However, I think that this text needs to be reviewed for verbosity and choppy narrative flow at some point in the future.

Author: Fixed.

To define the restricted data entities and the operations allowed on each, use the token to make the API call to set a property in your Anypoint organization.

Entities not listed in this configuration setting allow create, read, update, and delete operations.

For entities listed in this configuration setting, all operations not present in the permissions array are blocked.

Attempting a blocked operation returns an HTTP 403 error.

> == Example Request

Reviewer: How is this a subtopic of the previous, in which requests are never mentioned?

Author: In this case API call is synonymous with request. Rewrote for clarity.

> This example request enables all operations on the `AnypointApplication` entity and enables only the read operation on the `AnypointCategory` entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example request enables all operations on the `AnypointApplication` entity but only the read operation on the `AnypointCategory` entity:
```

Author: Fixed.
